Update _Windows-Install-Prerequisites.rst (#3915)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/Installation/_Windows-Install-Prerequisites.rst

   choco install -y python --version 3.8.3

.. note::

>    Chocolatey will install Python in "C:\Python3.8", and the rest of the installation expects it to be there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Chocolatey will install Python in ``C:\Python3.8``, and the rest of the installation expects it to be there.
```

>    Chocolatey will install Python in ``C:\Python3.8``, and the rest of the installation expects it to be there.

Reviewer: Sorry, I just realized that this isn't correct.  This should be:

```suggestion
   Chocolatey will install Python in ``C:\Python38``, and the rest of the installation expects it to be there.
```

>    In general, the shebang path (first line) from each `Scripts/*-script.py` is used when calling ROS2 executables.

Reviewer: My understanding (which may be wrong) is that this is not how it works on Windows.  Windows doesn't support shebang, so you can only run python scripts by doing `python /path/to/script.py`.

That said, I'm curious why you want this note.  While it is true that Python is expected in that particular location, Chocolatey will already do that for us.  So why do you want to explicitly call it out here?

Author: My little saga is written out here: https://robotics.stackexchange.com/questions/104081/ros2-humble-on-windows-failed-to-create-process

I was on the same page: I didn't expect Windows to listen to the shebang, but with Windows Sandbox you can clearly show the executables will not work without a valid shebang. Running the scripts like `python *.py` always works, regardless of the first comment line.

I would have found the mention useful, since I could not do the standard installation for Python 3.8.3 because of other requirements of my system. And currently there is no reason to think the Python install path is really important.
I think in general it's fine to have a short "getting started" guide limited to instructions without details, but details that would break the install should be mentioned at least somewhere.

Maybe there is a better place to note this?

Reviewer: OK, we can put it here.  But I think we should edit it a bit; I'll suggest some changes.

>    Python is expected to be under "C:\Python3.8", Chocolatey will install it there.  
>    In general, the shebang path (first line) from each `Scripts/*-script.py` is used when calling ROS2 executables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Chocolatey will install Python in "C:\Python3.8", and the rest of the installation expects it to be there.
   If you've installed Python somewhere else, you must copy or link it to that location.
```
